---
layout: post
title: Week 7 (July 25-24) 
---

This week I wrote two out of five sections of the literature review. My research partner, Jessica Polk-Willams was happy to help and wrote one section, based on my reference list and various annotations. My plan next week is to finish the remaining two sections. 

To expand, my research this summer focuses on the accessibility needs for sensory disabled persons, in regard to User Generated Content (UGC), which is content online created by everyday people (Tik-Toks, Tweets, Texts, Instagram Posts, etc)  The topic is broad; it is my job to illuminate and organize a narrative based on previous literature. It is our (the team and I) hope that this research will inform future artificial intelligence (AI) initiatives for accessibility, as we prove that current solutions address accessibility in a supplemental manner.  However, accessibility can’t be properly addressed through additional features, but rather deserves to be woven into product design. We are looking to change this and encourage movements that address accessibility needs from the start, through user centric design. 

To learn more, view the Abstract below:

_User-generated content is increasingly abundant online, but it is most often not made accessible for people with sensory disabilities. Current research has explored remedial approaches using AI
to make inaccessible content accessible. However, automatic processes are typically decoupled from the content’s author and may introduce errors or misinterpretations of the authors’ intention.
In this literature review, we examine multiple angles of abled and disabled user-generated content use, to ascertain critical accessibility breakdowns, for which proactive AI solutions are most needed. Topics explored include common tools of user generated content, motivations of use, accessibility violations, online disinhibition, identity formation, and technological innovation. In addition, we explore two angles of content creation, from both abled and sensory disabled perspectives._
