---
layout: post
title: Week 5 (July 11-17) 
---


This week I devoted my time to two tasks, organizing the literature review and taking datacamp courses. I was able to derive more insights regarding potential findings and discovered use of new, helpful tools, such as Inciteful.com and Connected Papers.com. These websites work to suggest users’ journals that correlate to previous studies; it shows a diagram of how one’s source paper connects to other related collections in an interactive timeline display. I was able to discover the source of previous papers, which offered my findings great origins and context. In addition, I was able to use these websites to fill in previously unsolved gaps in my literature review; such sources helped me piece together an outline as I was finally able to group topics into main and sub categories. Overall I created 6 central topics, each with 2-5 sub-topics. 

In addition, this week I took a break from annotation in efforts to refresh my coding skills. For the study we will be conducting two rounds of surveys and potentially one round of interviews. I have always loved the ideal of visualizing data, and view it as an art form, akin to poster or app design. Therefore, I brushed up on my Tableau skills to hopefully incorporate Data Visualizations into the results sections of the final report. In addition to Tableau, I started a Typescript course in efforts to start the process of prototyping, as Dr. Alonzo shared a project in which he built a functioning, high fidelity prototype based on prior research, using Typescript. I hope to possibly create something similar, in the next months to come, for our future findings.

Additionally this week, I finished editing the design of posters needed for the IRB. This task was interesting, as designing styles changed vastly, based on the particular audience. For the Deaf and Hard of Hearing (DHH) audiences, I choose a typical poster style with captivating graphics, however for Blind and Low Vision (BLV)  audiences I chose a plain poster style with a large font and simple layout, in efforts to ease complexity for viewer’s Screen Readers. This was a fun process, I have never designed posters for BLV audiences, so it was very interesting to understand what they look for and value in advertisements and messaging. 
