---
layout: post
title: Week 6 (July 18-24) 
---


After meeting with Dr. Alonzo last week, I decided to switch focus from Tableau and Typescript to R, given that such language would be the one we would most likely use. Luckily, my sister, Elizabeth Pemberton, is a Data Professor at Drew University in New Jersey. I was able to gain direction from her, and took a few crash lessons in R, to freshen up my coding skills. 

Also, within W5’s meeting, Dr. Alonzo introduced me to graduate student Jessica Polk-Willams; she goes to DePaul University and is also getting her MS degree in Human Computer Interaction. Jessica is a floating researcher for Dr. Alonzo’s summer team of students, she’s helped other students in the past and was able to offer her time to my research project as well. 

In addition to R, this week I started writing the literature review paper. I finished polishing the outline and began compiling articles into three main categories, relevant, somewhat relevant and not relevant. So far I have learned that research is twofold in nature. On one side research is investigative and fun; every journal you read is fascinating—every insight is valuable. On the other hand, choosing a direction and discovering a clear narrative within the research you have done can be difficult. This was a long and arduous process as though my literature review findings were organized categorically, it was hard to ascertain which journals contributed more insight and context to the central narrative of literature review paper. Eventually, I was able to group articles within the outline and patch holes within certain subsections through new targeted research. 
