---
layout: post
title: Week 1 (June 17-21) 
---

In the first week of my program I started a literature review of content relevant to the study arena, regarding the communication experiences of content creators and comparatively, folks who are Deaf or Hard of Hearing (DHH) and Blind. I was able to read 13 scholarly articles and annotated 8. From my literature review, I gained the understanding that accessibility for these communities is such a fore-thought, that it is hard to actually conceptualize. Prior to this project, despite my awareness of the need for technological reform for the DHH and Blind, I did not fully realize my privilege as a person not a part of these groups. 

Reading through the literature, I found myself dumbfounded by the ironic relationships between  “hits” and “misses” of current technological interventions. For example, I learned in one study that the majority of video presentations within academic settings, do not have auditory descriptions for images within said video file, leaving Blind persons to somehow visualize from sparse context clues (Peng et al., 2021). In another study,  I learned that on Twitter less than 0.1% of images have alt text for Blind persons. While reading I assumed that the journal would transition to report information regarding how this under-serves Blind communities and that more content creators should follow suit. However the researchers report more folly, as the very few content creators that do make alt text, don’t do so on a consistent basis due to lack of education, an angle I did not consider (Gleason et al., 2019). 

It seems that intervention takes 5 steps forward and somehow 10 steps backwards; learning about these predicaments illustrates how bandaid solutions are not sufficient for either group; truly thoughtful, accessible design must be woven and fully integrated into the creation process of more applications.  

I also designed a poster for another student’s summer research project, as Dr. Alonzo relayed they needed help. The student’s project explores how people who are DHH experience social media warning labels and content created to debunk misinformation. The purpose of the poster was to incentivize DHH persons to participate in online interviews. This task was helpful, as in the near future I will have to create my own poster for the same purpose. I chose a playful design that incorporated the theme of the study, in hopes to attract attention, whilst drawing focus to important information.

During this week I also ironed out a schedule for my Dream project with my advisor, Dr. Alonzo.  It was very thrilling to see my weekly itinerary as I am a novice to UX research and have only conducted such in group, academic settings, which don’t fully reflect real project timelines. I am very excited to lead such a project and am looking forward to being a part of this great initiative for change.
